Tunnel to do.


check box to turn the colors on and off.  

wrl to be origin centred or have default view positions.  

redraw examples in pics.  

scrollbars on the preview xsections.  

background on index.html page.  

keyboard shortcuts  

JTree on left to have icons for the different levels (root, then file type and 
so forth.  Maybe hide the root).  

Multiple loading of files to finish so that saving of particular files 
can be done (by either last one, or by selection).  
and ensure that same files don't get reloaded and introduce lots of confusing 
subtunnels.  The mainrefresh not to refresh root that much.  
Perhaps totally hide root.  

Tube drag mode to be modal so resizing can occur of the graphics.  

TN.java to be resources a strings rather than AWT components 

Error dialog to display Xsection mistakes on input.  

Blanks in stat2 and lambda allowed.  

Settings to allow multiple Xsection and graphics windows and all the error possibilities related.  

click trace of cross sections when making definition (rather than dragging from line).  

text view on right hand side to be interchangeable with an input panel.  




partly done stuff: 


flag depth in line drawing mode with different colours.  (slider?)  

>>On station xsections to be exported and merged properly.  
They are in VRML mode.  Not in display mode so you can see the discrepancies!  
(Maybe have a menu switch that changes it).  

WRL Dialog to set color/texture remved

proper sizes in the preview panes

import button in xsection for poss scanned in things LRUD in svx file to lift and keep for an apply button *LRUD commands therefore.  
[don't want to do this]

Separate orientation and position sub panels.  

Make the delimeters in *includes work/ be configurable.  



Obscure stuff
-------------
% at front of label means it should be evened along the path.  

symbol_0 means it any part of it is overlapped the whole symbol is dropped.  
symbol_1 means the symbol is trimmed away by as much as necessary 
0 is default.  

if symbols contain other symbols the stuff much all be in 
the clipping area, and no other things apart from the set of 
symbols will be drawn.  


To turn off Just-In-Time (JIT) 
compilation as follows:
  
java -Djava.compiler=NONE program
  
